and to me like when I was listening to
Kelly's video I sympathized with her
because she said even if veganism wasn't
better for her health like even if vegan
as I made her health worse she would
still do it I think at the very least
that everyone should be informed about
what they're contributing to I know for
the longest time I was one of those
people that said I know it's bad but I
don't want to watch those videos I don't
want to watch those videos but then
there was one day where I just woke up
and I randomly said you know what I want
to watch that video I want to see what
everyone's talking about
I just went and watched the video again
because I wanted to make sure that it
wasn't too bad before I told you guys to
watch it I haven't watched in a really
long time but watching it even though I
don't even eat meat just makes me feel
sad I feel like I'm like convert trying
to convert a religion right are like a
coal you guys don't understand how bad
it is it's just so [ __ ] up that we do
this and that people don't understand
what's happening just to kind of put
into perspective here I always always
always said like literally I said this
is like ten different people and maybe
in a video I'm not sure I said even if I
found out that being vegan took ten
years off my life I would still do it I
would still do it because I don't
deserve to live more than the animals do
who am i a [ __ ] worthless human being
why do I deserve to kill all these
animals to sustain myself as ridiculous
I always said that it wasn't until I
started feeling like I'm dying
really I do feel like I'm dying that
that went out the window I feel like I
almost went into some sort of instinct
mode and I just couldn't care anymore I
didn't care I didn't care I would try
anything I would probably eat like a
live animal to feel better and to me
like when I was listening to Kelly's
video I sympathized with her because she
said even if
veganism wasn't better for her health
like even if vegan as I made her health
worse she would still do it so that I
sympathize with I was like yes that's
how I feel too
but then she said like until I started
feeling sick and until I started feeling
like I was dying and I'm like man
recently I've felt like I'm dying like I
feel really sick lately and I feel even
more committed than ever to veganism
like there's no way I would ever try
like I would not incorporate eggs into
my diet in order to solve like I just
think it's [ __ ] like Kasumi Chris
said that she liked her health she could
feel it like as soon as she had an egg
that she could feel everything in her
body improving and it's just so funny to
me like knowing the health like I've
read the study is that chicken eggs are
so bad for you like cholesterol is so
bad for your body how can you think that
like an egg prove your health like wow
how can you think that red meat wouldn't
improve your health when it's so many
red meat products have been classified
as carcinogenic by the World Health
Organization like it's just absurd to me
if my health would improve somewhat from
eating some amount of animal products
I'm not going to do that like what is my
life worth at this point like what is my
contribution going to be to the world
and like kal-el is not thinking in that
way at all like maybe she's maybe she
used to think that way like when she
first went vegan like what her
contribution would be by going vegan and
I just want more than anything like if I
could have one wish of a life even if it
meant like after my wish I had to live
on the streets for the rest of my life I
would wish to go into every single
slaughterhouse and free all those
animals and give them love just
heartbreaking to me I guess I've kind of
realized in a way that even if I can
inform you know a thousand people
and maybe make some people dislike me in
the process that it's worth it to me
even if my health declines in some way
because of being vegan like I feel like
it's the right thing to do to not
participate in animal agriculture
like it's it's disturbing it's terrible
III don't know what to say I don't want
to justify what I'm doing on any level
because I don't think it is justified
but I'm doing it
[Music]